Who is the other gambling king?
Mr. Gao Shi
I'm going, isn't this Yunnan gambling king Gao Shi?
Is this business?
Specially invited to deal with Hua Caiyun
God, it's really expensive
Is Caiyun amazing?
This person is the gambling king of the stone gambling world
And the winner of the last Stonecoach.
I'm no match for him.
Zheng Yuan really didn't have a good heart
I actually dug a hole and waited for me here
Want me to make a fool of myself in front of everyone
Mr. Gao, do you know this flower manager?
This is the last board competition
President of Haiyun Jewelry who won the third place
Mr. Hua, I remember you
It is my pleasure to make Mr. Gao remember.
Mr. Gao, according to the last director competition
It was three years ago.
Flower is always a progressive god in the industry
Fame is definitely not below you
both
That's better than having a match with me now
See how far you've come
My pleasure.